---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aaa-v1alpha1_node_group Data Source - aaa-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aaa-v1alpha1_node_group (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the NodeGroup
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) NodeGroup is a representation of a group on a node, including the services it has access to, any RBAC, and TACACS configuration.
NodeGroups are deployed to nodes by NodeUser or other permission-consuming resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) Deployment status of this NodeGroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `group_name` (String) Set the local name for this group. If not provided, the resource name will be used.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules for this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules))
- `services` (List of String) Enabled services for this group
- `superuser` (Boolean) Make members of this group superusers.
- `tacacs` (Attributes) TACACS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tacacs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Set the action for this entry.
- `match` (String) Set the match for this entry. This is a string to match input against - for example "interface" for srl or "configure port" for sros.
Rules here should be specified in the target specific format.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system to match against for this rule.
Operating system to deploy this rule to.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tacacs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tacacs`

Optional:

- `privilege_level` (Number) Set the privilege level for this group.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `nodes` (List of String) List of TopoNodes group has been deployed to.
