---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aaa-v1alpha1_node_group_list Data Source - aaa-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aaa-v1alpha1_node_group_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) NodeGroup is a representation of a group on a node, including the services it has access to, any RBAC, and TACACS configuration.
NodeGroups are deployed to nodes by NodeUser or other permission-consuming resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) Deployment status of this NodeGroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `group_name` (String) Set the local name for this group. If not provided, the resource name will be used.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules for this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--rules))
- `services` (List of String) Enabled services for this group
- `superuser` (Boolean) Make members of this group superusers.
- `tacacs` (Attributes) TACACS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tacacs))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Set the action for this entry.
- `match` (String) Set the match for this entry. This is a string to match input against - for example "interface" for srl or "configure port" for sros.
Rules here should be specified in the target specific format.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system to match against for this rule.
Operating system to deploy this rule to.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tacacs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tacacs`

Optional:

- `privilege_level` (Number) Set the privilege level for this group.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `nodes` (List of String) List of TopoNodes group has been deployed to.
